Cleanup and update installation guide (#711)
ICB-DCM/AMICI: INSTALL.md

    find_package(Amici)

### Optional SuperLU_MT support

To build AMICI with SuperLU_MT support, run

    ./scripts/buildSuperLUMT.sh
    ./scripts/buildSundials.sh
    cd build/
    cmake -DSUNDIALS_SUPERLUMT_ENABLE=ON ..
    make

<a name="dependencies"></a>

> ## Dependencies

Reviewer: We should probably also mention libSBML here.

the C++ interace it is currently required.

HDF5 can be installed using package managers such as
[brew](https://brew.sh) or [apt](https://wiki.debian.org/Apt):

    brew install hdf5

or

    apt-get install libhdf5-serial-dev

#### SWIG

The python interface requires [SWIG](http://www.swig.org), which has to
be installed by the user. Swig can be installed using package managers
such as [brew](https://brew.sh) or [apt](https://wiki.debian.org/Apt):

    brew install swig

or

    apt-get install swig3.0

We note here that some linux package managers may provide swig executables as `swig3.0`, but installation as `swig` is required. This can be fixed using, e.g., symbolic links:

    mkdir -p ~/bin/ && ln -s $(which swig3.0) ~/bin/swig && export PATH=~/bin/:$PATH

### Matlab

The MATLAB interface requires the Mathworks Symbolic Toolbox for model
generation via `amiwrap(...)`, but not for execution of precompiled
models. Currently MATLAB R2018a or newer is not supported (see 
[https://github.com/ICB-DCM/AMICI/issues/307](https://github.com/ICB-DCM/AMICI/issues/307)).

The Symbolic Toolbox requirement can be circumvented by performing model

> import using the Python interface. The result code can then be used from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import using the Python interface. The generated executables can then be used from
```
